Edits to lmadsen's multiple cloud content (#92)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_planning-amqp-address-prefixes.adoc

[id="planning-amqp-address-prefixes_{context}"]
= Planning AMQP address prefixes

> By default, {OpenStack} nodes send data through two data collectors; collectd and Ceilometer. These components each send telemetry data or notifications to the respective AMQP addresses, for example `collectd/telemetry`, where {ProjectShort} listens on those addresses for monitoring data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, {OpenStack} nodes get data through two data collectors; collectd and Ceilometer. These components each send telemetry data or notifications to the respective AMQP addresses, for example `collectd/telemetry`, where {ProjectShort} Smart Gateways listen on those addresses for monitoring data.
```

Reviewer: Just wanted to make it more clear that we _get_ data via collectd and Ceilometer, which then _send_ that information via AMQ Interconnect, which is _retrieved_ via the Smart Gateway on the other side and _stored_ into the appropriate storage domains.

Even my edits don't exactly do justice to what I wanted to say, so maybe you have a slightly nicer way of framing that.
